{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f1\froman\fprq2\fcharset2 Symbol;}{\f2\froman Times New Roman;}{\f3\froman Symbol;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2510;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\qc\f0\fs24 References on the Bilateral Administration of Agents to the CNS\par
Using ALZET\super\f1\'d2\nosupersub\f0  Osmotic Pumps \par
\par
\pard\sa240\f2\fs20 Q3696\tab Wosiski-Kuhn M, Erion JR, Gomez-Sanchez EP, Gomez-Sanchez CE, Stranahan AM, Stranahan AM. Glucocorticoid receptor activation impairs hippocampal plasticity by suppressing BDNF expression in obese mice. Psychoneuroendocrinology 2014; 42:165-177. >>> Corticosterone; Cyclodextrin, 2-hydroxypropyl-B; CSF/CNS (hippocampus); Mice; 2 weeks; Controls received mp w/ vehicle and aCSF; animal info (male, C57BL6J or db/db, 5 weeks old); functionality of mp verified by hippocampal corticosterone levels; Multiple pumps per animal (2); behavioral testing (y-maze apparatus); tissue perfusion (bilateral hippocampi); immunology; Cannula placement verified via histology; used Plastics One bilateral cannula; bilateral infusion.\par
Q3649\tab Yu XJ, Suo YP, Qi J, Yang Q, Li HH, Zhang DM et al. Interaction Between AT1 Receptor and NF-kappaB in Hypothalamic Paraventricular Nucleus Contributes to Oxidative Stress and Sympathoexcitation by Modulating Neurotransmitters in Heart Failure. Cardiovascular Toxicology 2013; 13(4):381-390. >>> Losartan; pyrrolidine dithiocarbamate; Cerebrospinal fluid, artificial; CSF/CNS; Rat; 4 weeks; Controls received mp w/ vehicle; animal info (male, Sprague Dawley, adult, 250-275g); ischemia (coronary artery ligation); cardiovascular; antihypertensive; Used Plastics One double-cannula; bilateral infusion.\par
Q3369\tab Wu Q, Zheng RM, Srisai D, McKnight GS, Palmiter RD. NR2B subunit of the NMDA glutamate receptor regulates appetite in the parabrachial nucleus. PROCEEDINGS OF THE NATIONAL ACADEMY OF SCIENCES OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA 2013; 110(36):14765-14770. >>> Lithium chloride; RO25-6981; bretazenil; Saline; CSF/CNS (fourth ventricle; parabrachial nucleus); Mice;  1002; 14 days; Controls received mp w/ vehicle or sham surgery; animal info (male, Agrp DTR/+ or WT); bilateral cannula used; dose-response (pg.14766, fig.3; pg.14769, fig.6); behavioral testing (food intake); tissue perfusion (fourth ventricle; parabrachial nucleus); Cannula placement verified; RO25-6981 is a NR2B antagonist; bilateral infusion.\par
Q3262\tab Park S, Kim DS, Kang S, Moon NR. beta-Amyloid-induced cognitive dysfunction impairs glucose homeostasis by increasing insulin resistance and decreasing beta-cell mass in non-diabetic and diabetic rats. METABOLISM-CLINICAL AND EXPERIMENTAL 2013; 62(12):1749-1760. >>> Amyloid protein, beta (25-35); amyloid protein, beta (35-25); Saline; CSF/CNS (hippocampus); Rat; 14 days; Controls received mp w/ vehicle; animal info (male, Sprague Dawley, 232g); neurodegenerative (Alzheimer's disease); behavioral testing (passive avoidance, morris water maze); diabetes induced with pancreatectomy; amyloid protein, beta (25-35) aka AMY or amyloid protein, beta (35-25) aka RAMY; bilateral infusion.\par
Q3211\tab Nelson AR, Kolasa K, McMahon LL. Noradrenergic Sympathetic Sprouting and Cholinergic Reinnervation Maintains Non-Amyloidogenic Processing of AbetaPP. JOURNAL OF ALZHEIMERS DISEASE 2014; 38(4):867-879. >>> Amyloid protein beta; CSF/CNS (hippocampus); Rat; 14, 28 days; Animal info (Sprague-Dawley, 2-5 mo old, adult, male); Plastics One bilateral cannula used; neurodegenerative (Alzheimer's disease); bilateral infusion.\par
Q3154\tab Lee YS, Danandeh A, Baratta J, Lin CY, Yu J, Robertson RT. Neurotrophic factors rescue basal forebrain cholinergic neurons and improve performance on a spatial learning test. Exp Neurol 2013; 249(;):178-186. >>> Nerve growth factor; neurotrophin-3; PBS; CSF/CNS; Rat;  2004; 4 weeks; Controls received mp w/ saline; animal info (Sprague Dawley, 8 weeks old, 180g); bilateral Y-connector used; post op. care (restricted diet); behavioral testing (Delayed match to position T maze); peptides; bilateral infusion.\par
Q2637\tab Gill BC, Balog BM, Dissaranan C, Jiang HH, Steward JB, Lin DL et al. Neurotrophin therapy improves recovery of the neuromuscular continence mechanism following simulated birth injury in rats. NEUROUROLOGY AND URODYNAMICS 2013; 32(1):82-87. >>> Albumin; Saline, sterile; CSF/CNS (pudendal nerve); Rat;  1007D; 2002; 1, 2 weeks; Animal info (Sprague Dawley, female, virgin, 200-225 g); bilateral cannula used; "localized continuous neurotrophin supplementation has been most effective at promoting nerve regeneration and provided the rationale behind utilizing miniature osmotic pumps in this study." pg 86; bilateral infusion.\par
Q2627\tab Kennedy PJ, Feng J, Robison AJ, Maze I, Badimon A, Mouzon E et al. Class I HDAC inhibition blocks cocaine-induced plasticity by targeted changes in histone methylation. Nature Neuroscience 2013; 16(4):434-U95. >>> MS-275; Cyclodextrin, hydroxypropyl beta-; CSF/CNS (nucleus accumbens); Mice;  1002; 12 days; Control animals received mp w/ vehicle; animal info (C57BL/6, 8-10 wks old); bilateral cannula used; multiple pumps used (2); enzyme inhibitor (histone deacetylase, HDAC); bilateral infusion.\par
Q2588\tab Inglis J, Martin SJ, Morris RGM. Upstairs/downstairs revisited: spatial pretraining-induced rescue of normal spatial learning during selective blockade of hippocampal N-methyl-d-aspartate receptors. Eur J Neurosci 2013; 37(5):718-727. >>> AP5, D-; CSF, artificial; CSF/CNS (dorsal hippocampus); Rat;  2002; 14 days; Control animals received mp w/ vehicle; animal info (Lister-Hooded); bilateral cannula used; behavioral testing (water maze); bilateral infusion.\par
Q2562\tab Qi J, Zhang DM, Suo YP, Song XA, Yu XJ, Elks C et al. Renin-Angiotensin System Modulates Neurotransmitters in the Paraventricular Nucleus and Contributes to Angiotensin II-Induced Hypertensive Response. Cardiovascular Toxicology 2013; 13(1):48-54. >>> Losartan; CSF, artificial; saline; CSF/CNS (paraventricular nucleus); IP; Rat; 4 weeks; Control animals received mp w/ vehicle; animal info (Sprague Dawley, male, adult, 275-300 g); bilateral infusion.\par
Q2167\tab Dyck BA, Tan ML, Daya RP, Basu D, Sookram CDR, Thomas N et al. Behavioral effects of non-viral mediated RNA interference of synapsin II in the medial prefrontal cortex of the rat. SCHIZOPHRENIA RESEARCH 2012; 137(1-3):32-38. >>> RNA, small interferring; Water, sterile; CSF/CNS (medial prefrontal cortex); Rat;  2002; 2 weeks; Controls received mp w/ artificial CSF; animal info (Sprague Dawley, male, 250-300 g); bilateral infusion using vinyl tubing and two Plastics One cannulae; schematic of pump plus cannula (fig 5); cocktail of 4 synapsin II siRNAs.\par
Q2146\tab Sama DM, Abdul HM, Furman JL, Artiushin IA, Szymkowski DE, Scheff SW et al. Inhibition of Soluble Tumor Necrosis Factor Ameliorates Synaptic Alterations and Ca(2+) Dysregulation in Aged Rats. PLoS One 2012; 7(5):U701-U710. >>> XPro1595; CSF/CNS; CSF/CNS (hippocampus); Rat;  2004; 2006; 4 weeks; 6 weeks; Controls received mp w/ vehicle; animal info (Fischer 344, 6, 22 mo old); XPro1595, formerly known as XENP1595, is a novel dominant negative TNF; bilateral cannula used; neurodegenerative (Parkinson's disease); bilateral infusion.\par
Q2127\tab Paisley JC, Huddleston GG, Carruth LL, Petrulis A, Grober MS, Clancy AN. Sexual responses of the male rat medial preoptic area and medial amygdala to estrogen I: Site specific suppression of estrogen receptor alpha. Horm Behav 2012; 62(1):50-57. >>> Oligodeoxynucleotide, antisense; Saline, physiological; CSF/CNS (medial preoptic area)' CSF/CNS (medial amygdala); Rat; 28 days; Controls received mp w/ vehicle; animal info (Sprague Dawley, male, female, at least 65 days old); bilateral cannula used; antisense (ER alpha); bilateral infusion.\par
Q2086\tab Leblois A, Perkel DJ. Striatal dopamine modulates song spectral but not temporal features through D1 receptors. Eur J Neurosci 2012; 35(11):1771-1781. >>> SCH23390; CSF/CNS (area X); Bird (zebra finch);  1002; 7-10 days; Controls received mp w/ saline; animal info (adult, male, 90 days old); single pump with Y connector; bilateral infusion using multiple cannulae; pump externalized via backpack; 0.65-mL plastic microcentrifuge tube filled with 250 ul sterile saline was used as backpack.\par
Q1895\tab Cardinale JP, Sriramula S, Mariappan N, Agarwal D, Francis J. Angiotensin II-Induced Hypertension Is Modulated by Nuclear Factor-kappa B in the Paraventricular Nucleus. Hypertension 2012; 59(1):113-U282. >>> Angiotensin II; nuclear factor-kappa B; Saline; CSF/CNS (paraventricular nucleus); SC; Rat;  2002; 1004; 2 weeks; Controls received mp w/ vehicle or scrambled decoy oligodeoxynucleotide; animal info (Sprague Dawley, male, 12 wks old, 250-350 g); peptides; multiple pumps (2) used; bilateral cannula used; bilateral infusion.\par
Q1667\tab Allard S, Leon WC, Pakavathkumar P, Bruno MA, Ribeiro-da-Silva A, Cuello AC. Impact of the NGF Maturation and Degradation Pathway on the Cortical Cholinergic System Phenotype. J Neurosci 2012; 32(6):2002-2012. >>> Antiplasmin, alpha-2; MMP2-9I, type 1; Saline; sodium acetate; DMSO; CSF/CNS ( medial prefrontal cortex); Rat;  2002; 2 weeks; Controls received mp w/ vehicle; animal info (Wistar, male, 350 g); Plastics One bilateral cannula used; 1% DMSO used; enzyme inhibitor (matrix metalloproteinase); behavioral testing (water maze test); neurodegenerative (Alzheimer's disease); bilateral infusion.\par
Q1567\tab Yoshikawa G, Momiyama T, Oya S, Takai K, Tanaka JI, Higashiyama S et al. Induction of striatal neurogenesis and generation of region-specific functional mature neurons after ischemia by growth factors Laboratory investigation. J Neurosurg 2010; 113(4):835-850. >>> Fibroblast growth factor-2; CSF, artificial; albumin, rat serum; CSF/CNS; Rat;  1007D; 7 days; Controls received mp w/ vehicle; animal info (Wistar, male, 8-10 wks old, 280-320 g); bilateral infusion.\par
Q1507\tab Giralt A, Saavedra A, Carreton O, Xifro X, Alberch J, Perez-Navarro E. Increased PKA signaling disrupts recognition memory and spatial memory: role in Huntington's disease. Hum Mol Genet 2011; 20(21):4232-4247. >>> cAMP, Rp-adenosine; PBS; CSF/CNS (hippocampus); Mice;  2004; Controls received mp w/ vehicle; animal info (WT, R6/2, 8 wks old); bilaterial cannula used; enzyme inhibitor (protein kinase); bilateral infusion.\par
Q1458\tab Kang YM, Gao F, Li HH, Cardinale JP, Elks C, Zang WJ et al. NF-kappa-B in the paraventricular nucleus modulates neurotransmitters and contributes to sympathoexcitation in heart failure. Basic Res Cardiol 2011; 106(6):1087-1097. >>> SN50; SN50M; CSF/CNS (paraventricular nucleus); IP; Rat;  1004; 4 weeks; Controls received mp w/ vehicle; animal info (adult, male, Sprague-Dawley, 275-300 g); multiple pumps used (2); bilateral cannula used; SN50M is the inactive peptide for SN50; peptides; bilateral infusion.\par
Q1155\tab Kang YM, Wang Y, Yang LM, Elks C, Cardinale J, Yu XJ et al. TNF-alpha in Hypothalamic Paraventricular Nucleus Contributes to Sympathoexcitation in Heart Failure by Modulating AT1 Receptor and Neurotransmitters. TOHOKU JOURNAL OF EXPERIMENTAL MEDICINE 2010; 222(4):251-263. >>> Pentoxifylline; ETN; CSF, artificial; CSF/CNS (hypothalamic paraventricular nucleus); Rat; 4 weeks; Controls received mp w/ artificial CSF; animal info (adult, male, Sprague Dawley, 275-300 g); bilateral cannula used; pump connected to bilateral PVN cannula after one week recovery period; PTX and ETN are TNF-alpha inhibitors; bilateral infusion.\par
Q1071\tab Florian C, Vecsey CG, Halassa MM, Haydon PG, Abel T. Astrocyte-Derived Adenosine and A(1) Receptor Activity Contribute to Sleep Loss-Induced Deficits in Hippocampal Synaptic Plasticity and Memory in Mice. J Neurosci 2011; 31(19):6956-6962. >>> Xanthine, 8-cyclopentyl-1,3-dimethyl; DMSO; saline; CSF/CNS; CSF/CNS (dorsal hippocampi); Mice;  1002; Controls received mp w/ vehicle; animal info (dnSNARE, 12-16 wks old, male, female); ALZET brain infusion kit 3 used; multiple pumps per animal (2); Plastics One bilateral cannula used; cannula placement verified by examination of serial coronal sections stained with cresyl violet; 8-cyclopentyl-1,3-dimethylxanthine also known as CPT; CPT is an adenosineA1 receptor (A1R) antagonist; 50% DMSO used; bilateral infusion.\par
Q1019\tab Covington HI, Vialou VF, LaPlant Q, Ohnishi YN, Nestler EJ. Hippocampal-dependent antidepressant-like activity of histone deacetylase inhibition. Neuroscience Letters 2011; 493(3):122-126. >>> MS-275; Cyclodextrin, hydroxypropyl beta-; CSF/CNS (hippocampus); Mice;  1002; Animal info (C57/Bl6J); enzyme inhibitor (histone deacetylase, HDAC); multiple pumps per animal (2); Plastics One bilateral guide cannula used; functionality of mp verified, cannula placement verified via immunohistochemistry; antidepressant; 5% cyclodextrin used; bilateral infusion.\par
Q0854\tab da Silva AQG, Fontes MAP, Kanagy NL. Chronic infusion of angiotensin receptor antagonists in the hypothalamic paraventricular nucleus prevents hypertension in a rat model of sleep apnea. Brain Res 2011; 1368(;):231-238. >>> A-779; losartan; ZD7155; PD123319; muscimol; CSF/CNS (paraventricular nucleus); Rat;  2002; 14 days; Controls received mp w/ vehicle; animal info (male, Sprague-Dawley, 250-300 g); bilateral guide cannula used; bilateral infusion.\par
Q0850\tab Kang YM, Zhang AQ, Zhao XF, Cardinale JP, Elks C, Cao XM et al. Paraventricular nucleus corticotrophin releasing hormone contributes to sympathoexcitation via interaction with neurotransmitters in heart failure. Basic Res Cardiol 2011; 106(3):473-483. >>> NBI-27914; DMSO; saline; CSF, artificial; CSF/CNS (paraventricular nucleus); Rat;  1004; 4 weeks; Controls received mp w/ vehicle; animal info (male, Sprague-Dawley, 275-300 g); bilateral cannula used; NBI-27914 is a selective CRH-R1 antagonist; bilateral infusion.\par
Q0603\tab Gallego JM, Ortiz L, Gutierrez R, Barcia JA. Continuous bilateral infusion of GABA in the dorsomedian nucleus of the thalamus elevates the generalized seizure threshold in amygdala-kindled rats. SEIZURE-EUROPEAN JOURNAL OF EPILEPSY 2009; 18(7):537-540. >>> Aminobutyric acid, gamma; Saline; CSF/CNS (dorsomedian nuclei of the thalamus); Rat;  2001; 7 days; Controls received mp w/ vehicle; animal info (adult, male, Wistar); functionality of mp verified by residual volume; multiple pumps per animal (2); bilateral infusion.\par
Q0563\tab Begum AN, Yang FS, Teng E, Hu SX, Jones MR, Rosario ER et al. Use of Copper and Insulin-Resistance to Accelerate Cognitive Deficits and Synaptic Protein Loss in a Rat A-beta-Infusion Alzheimer's Disease Model. JOURNAL OF ALZHEIMERS DISEASE 2008; 15(4):625-640. >>> Amyloid protein, beta (1-42); amyloid protein, beta (1-40); lipoprotein, high density; CSF/CNS; Rat;  1004; 15 weeks; Animal info (Retired breeder, Sprague-Dawley); long-term study; pumps replaced every 28 days; bilateral Plastics One cannula used; "We have improved our A-beta 42 in vivo infusion model, leading to more rapid onset of deficits by optimizing HDL and copper concentrations" pg 637; neurodegenerative (Alzheimer's disease); bilateral infusion.\par
Q0562\tab Bennett SP, Boyd TD, Norden M, Padmanabhan J, Neame P, Wefes I et al. A novel technique for simultaneous bilateral brain infusions in a mouse model of neurodegenerative disease. J Neurosci Methods 2009; 184(2):320-326. >>> Antichymotrypsin, alpha-1; CSF, artificial; CSF/CNS; CSF/CNS (hippocampal parenchyma); Mice;  1004; 28 days; Controls received mp w/ vehicle; animal info (PS/APP, PS/APP/ACT, 10 mo old); functionality of mp verified by residual volume; cyanoacrylate adhesive; multiple pumps per animal (2); stability verified ("minimal degradation" after 28 days); custom catheter solution for simultaneous bilateral brain infusions; nitrile cap used to affix custom catheters to the skull; pump plus custom catheter assembly Fig 3e; "entire catheters and pumps we used can be completely removed without terminating the life of the animal" pg 326; bilateral infusion.\par
Q0498\tab Mazarati AM, Pineda E, Shin D, Tio D, Taylor AN, Sankar R. Comorbidity between epilepsy and depression: Role of hippocampal interleukin-1beta. NEUROBIOLOGY OF DISEASE 2010; 37(2):461-467. >>> Interleukin-1, receptor antagonist, human, recomb.; Saline, sterile; CSF/CNS (hippocampus); Rat;  2002; 14 days; Controls received mp w/ vehicle; functionality of mp verified by residual volume; ALZET brain infusion kit 1 used; multiple pumps per animal (2); animal info (male, Wistar, 50 days old); bilateral infusion.\par
Q0469\tab Covington HI, Maze I, LaPlant QC, Vialou VF, Ohnishi YN, Berton O et al. Antidepressant Actions of Histone Deacetylase Inhibitors. J Neurosci 2009; 29(37):11451-11460. >>> MS-275; hydroxamic acid; Cyclodextrin, beta hydroxypropyl; CSF/CNS (nucleus accumbens); Mice;  1002; 14 days; Controls received mp w/ vehicle; animal info (9-11 wks old, C57BL/6J, male); enzyme inhibitor (histone deacetylase); multiple pumps per animal (2); Plastics One bilateral guide cannula used; behavioral testing (social interaction, sucrose preference, forced-swim task, light/dark box); 5% cyclodextrin used; wound clips used; antidepressant; bilateral infusion.\par
P9843\tab Oya S, Yoshikawa G, Takai K, Tanaka JI, Higashiyama S, Saito N et al. ATTENUATION OF Notch SIGNALING PROMOTES THE DIFFERENTIATION OF NEURAL PROGENITORS INTO NEURONS IN THE HIPPOCAMPAL CA1 REGION AFTER ISCHEMIC INJURY. Neuroscience 2009; 158(2):683-692. >>> Epidermal growth factor, recomb. human; fibroblast growth factor, recomb. human; Jag1, recomb. rat; S2188; DLL4, recomb. mouse; CSF, artificial, DMSO; CSF/CNS; Rat;  1003D; 1007D; 11 days; Controls received mp w/ vehicle; pumps replaced after 3 days; enzyme inhibitor (gamma secretase);  animal info (male, Wistar, adult, 8 wks old, 280-320 g.); ischemia (cerebral); bilateral infusion; 10% DMSO used; brain tissue distribution.\par
P9823\tab Hu SX, Begum AN, Jones MR, Oh MS, Beech WK, Beech BH et al. GSK3 inhibitors show benefits in an Alzheimer's disease (AD) model of neurodegeneration but adverse effects in control animals. NEUROBIOLOGY OF DISEASE 2009; 33(2):193-206. >>> Amyloid protein, beta (1-42); lipoprotein, high density; CSF/CNS; Rat;  1004; 1 month; Controls received mp w/ HDL alone; animal info (male, Sprague Dawley, 19 months old); Plastics One cannula used; bilateral infusion; neurodegenerative (Alzheimer's Disease).\par
P9764\tab Nagahara AH, Merrill DA, Coppola G, Tsukada S, Schroeder BE, Shaked GM et al. Neuroprotective effects of brain-derived neurotrophic factor in rodent and primate models of Alzheimer's disease. Nature Medicine 2009; 15(3):331-337. >>> Brain-derived neurotrophic factor, recomb. human; CSF, artificial; CSF/CNS (entorhinal cortex); Rat;  2004; 4 weeks; Controls received mp w/vehicle; animal info (cognitively impaired, Fischer); neurodegenerative (Alzheimer's disease); behavioral testing (morris water maze test); bilateral cannula used; brain tissue distribution; bilateral infusion.\par
P9649\tab Levin ED, Perkins A, Brotherton T, Qazi M, Berez C, Montalvo-Ortiz J et al. Chronic underactivity of medial frontal cortical beta2-containing nicotinic receptors increases clozapine-induced working memory impairment in female rats. PROGRESS IN NEURO-PSYCHOPHARMACOLOGY & BIOLOGICAL PSYCHIATRY 2009; 33(2):296-302. >>> Nicotine; methllycaconitine; erithrodine, dihydro-beta; Saline; CSF, artificial; SC; CSF/CNS (medial frontal cortex); Rat;  2004; 2ML4; 4 weeks; Controls received mp w/vehicle; animal info (adult female, SD); multiple pumps per animal (2); bilateral infusion; behavioral testing (radial-Arm-maze).\par
P9640\tab Kang YM, Ma Y, Zheng JP, Elks C, Sriramula S, Yang ZM et al. Brain nuclear factor-kappa B activation contributes to neurohumoral excitation in angiotensin II-induced hypertension. Cardiovasc Res 2009; 82(3):503-512. >>> Angiotensin II; losartan; pyrrolidine dithiocarbamate; tempol; Saline; CSF, artificial; IV (femoral); CSF/CNS; Rat; 4 weeks; Controls received mp w/vehicle; peptides; multiple pumps per animal (2); animal info (adult, male, Sprague-Dawley, 275-300g); bilateral cannula used for multiple drug infusions; bilateral infusion.\par
P9491\tab Adachi M, Autry AE, Covington HI, Monteggia LM. MeCP2-Mediated Transcription Repression in the Basolateral Amygdala May Underlie Heightened Anxiety in a Mouse Model of Rett Syndrome. J Neurosci 2009; 29(13):4218-4227. >>> Hydroxamic acid, suberoylanilide; Cyclodextrin; PBS; CSF/CNS (basolateral amygdala); Mice; 14 days; Controls received mp w/ vehicle; functionality of mp verified by examining the levels of acetylated histone H3 and H4; enzyme inhibitor (histone deacetylase); animal info (male, C57BL/6, 8 wks old); 5% cyclodextrin used; Plastics One bilateral cannula used; suberoylanilide hydroxamic acid also known as SAHA; behavioral testing (rotarod and locomotor activity, open-field test, elevated-plus maze, social interaction test; fear conditioning, pain sensitivity); bilateral infusion.\par
P9341\tab Callaway CW, Ramos R, Logue ES, Betz AE, Wheeler M, Repine MJ. Brain-derived neurotrophic factor does not improve recovery after cardiac arrest in rats. Neuroscience Letters 2008; 445(1):103-107. >>> Brain-derived neurotrophic factor; CSF/CNS; Rat;  1003D; Controls received mp w/ saline; saline filled pumps replaced after cardiac arrest w/ BDNF filled pumps; ischemia (cerebral); PE-50 tubing used; bilateral infusion via 25 g injectors.\par
P8932\tab Oya S, Yoshikawa G, Takai K, Tanaka JI, Higashiyama S, Saito N et al. Region-specific proliferative response of neural progenitors to exogenous stimulation by growth factors following ischemia. NeuroReport 2008; 19(8):805-810. >>> Epidermal growth factor, recomb. human; fibroblast growth factor-2, recomb. human; insulin-like growth factor I, recomb. human; erythropoietin, recomb. rat; brain-derived neurotrophic factor, recomb. human; DDL4, recomb. mouse; CSF/CNS; Rat;  1003D; 3 days; Ischemia; animal info (male, Wistar, 8wks old, 280-300 g.); bilateral infusion.\par
P8879\tab Robinson L, Killop-Smith S, Ross NL, Pertwee RG, Hampson RE, Platt B et al. Hippocampal endocannabinoids inhibit spatial learning and limit spatial memory in rats. Psychopharmacology 2008; 198(4):551-563. >>> SR141716A; Ethanol; Tween 80; SC; CSF/CNS (hippocampus); Rat;  2002; Controls received mp w/ tween 80; animal info (male, Lister Hooded, 250-300g.); SR141716A is a CB\sub 1 \nosupersub receptor antagonist; cannulae position verified post mortem; bilateral infusion cannula; memory; learning.\par
P8053\tab Bruno MA, Cuello AC. Activity-dependent release of precursor nerve growth factor, conversion to mature nerve growth factor, and its degradation by a protease cascade. PROCEEDINGS OF THE NATIONAL ACADEMY OF SCIENCES OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA 2006; 103(17):6735-6740. >>> Neuroserpin; GM6001; CSF, artificial, PBS; CSF/CNS (parietal cortex); Rat;  2001; 72 hours; Controls received mp w/ vehicle into contralateral side; enzyme inhibitor (tpa, metalloproteinase); multiple pumps per animal (2); animal info (Fischer 344, 6 month old); Lynch coil with air-oil spacer at mp end of tubing; bilateral infusion cannulae; tissue perfusion (parietal cortex).\par
P6917\tab Dokur M, Boyadjieva NI, Advis JP, Sarkar DK. Modulation of hypothalamic beta-endorphin-regulated expression of natural killer cell cytolytic activity regulatory factors by ethanol in male Fischer-344 rats. ALCOHOLISM-CLINICAL AND EXPERIMENTAL RESEARCH 2004; 28(8):1180-1186. >>> Endorphin, beta; CSF, artificial; CSF/CNS (paraventricular nucleus); Rat;  2002; 6 days; Plastics One bilateral guide cannula used with a Y-connector; bilateral infusion.\par
P6270\tab Blakley GG, Pohorecky LA, Benjamin D. Behavioral and endocrine changes following antisense oligonucleotide-induced reduction in the rat NOP receptor. Psychopharmacology 2004; 171(4):421-428. >>> Oligonucleotide, antisense; oligonucleotide, missense; Water, nuclease free; CSF/CNS; Rat;  2004; 26 days; Controls received mp w/ MSO; antisense (NOP receptor); multiple pumps per animal (2); bilateral infusion using plastics one cannula.\par
P5873\tab Touyarot K, Poussard S, Cortes-Torrea C, Cottin P, Micheau J. Effect of chronic inhibition of calpains in the hippocampus on spatial discrimination learning and protein kinase C. Behav Brain Res 2002; 136(2):439-448. >>> Calpastatin, synthetic; CSF, artifical; CSF/CNS (hippocampus); Mice (transgenic);  1007D; 7 days; Peptides; bilateral stainless steel guide cannula used; calpastatin is a calpain inhibitor; timeline schematic (p. 442); bilateral infusion.\par
P5791\tab Sallmen T, Lozada AF, Beckman AL, Panula P. Intrahippocampal histamine delays arousal from hibernation. Brain Res 2003; 966(2):317-320. >>> Histamine; Saline; CSF/CNS (Dorsal Hippocampus); Squirrel; 24 hours; Controls received mp w/ vehicle; 1 week recovery period; bilateral cannula used; multiple pumps per animal (2); pump model not specified (0.25 ml/hr pump used); cannula placement verified at the end of study by cresyl violet staining; bilateral infusion.\par
P5752\tab Boyadjieva N, Dokur M, Advis JP, Meadows GG, Sarkar DK. Chronic ethanol inhibits NK cell cytolytic activity: role of opioid peptide beta-endorphin. J Immunol 2001; 167(10):5645-5652. >>> Endorphin, B-; Naltrexone; CSF, artificial; CSF/CNS (paraventricular nucleus); Rat;  2002; 4,16 hours; Controls received mp w/ vehicle; naltrexone is an opiate antagonist; used a Y-connector to connect pump with a bilateral cannula; bilateral infusion.\par
P5649\tab Norrholm SD, Bibb JA, Nestler EJ, Ouimet CC, Taylor JR, Greengard P. Cocaine-induced proliferation of dendritic spines in nucleus accumbens is dependent on the activity of cyclin-dependent kinase-5. Neuroscience 2003; 116(1):19-22. >>> Roscovitine; Sodium phosphate; sodium chloride; DMSO; CSF/CNS (nucleus accumbens); Rat;  2004; 28 days; Controls received mp w/ vehicle; tissue perfusion (nucleus accumbens); enzyme inhibitor (cyclin dependent kinase-5); roscovitine is a potent Cdk5 inhibitor; bilateral cannula used; 50% DMSO used; bilateral infusion.\par
P5267\tab Taha S, Stryker MP. Rapid ocular dominance plasticity requires cortical but not geniculate protein synthesis. Neuron 2002; 34(3):425-436. >>> Cycloheximide; Saline; CSF/CNS (visual cortex); CSF/CNS (lateral geniculate nucleus); Mice;  1002; 5 days; Controls received mp w/ vehicle; cycloheximide is a protein synthesis inhibitor; 2 experiments - 1 perfused the visual cortex, one perfused the LGN; bilateral infusion of saline and cycloheximide.\par
P5196\tab El Haj T, Poole S, Farthing MJ, Ballinger AB. Anorexia in a rat model of colitis: interaction of interleukin-1 and hypothalamic serotonin. Brain Res 2002; 927(1):1-7. >>> Antibody, anti-Tumor necrosis factor-a; Interleukin-1 receptor antagonist; Immunoglobulin G; Saline; CSF/CNS (paraventricular nucleus); CSF/CNS; Rat;  1007D; 2001; 7 days; Controls received mp w/ vehicle; functionality of mp verified by checking residual volume; peptides; multiple pumps per animal (2); 1007D delivered IL-1 receptor antagonist or saline to paraventricular nucleus; 2001 pumps delivered anti-TNF-a antibody to PVN; bilateral cannulae used; bilateral infusion.\par
P5130\tab Arthur D, Levin ED. Chronic inhibition of alpha 4 beta 2 nicotinic receptors in the ventral hippocampus of rats: impacts on memory and nicotine response. Psychopharmacology 2002; 160:140-145. >>> Erythroidine, dihydro-beta; CSF, artificial; CSF/CNS (hippocampus); rat;  2004; 28 days; controls received mp w/ vehicle; dihydro-B-erythroidine is a nicotinic antagonist; alkaloid; bilateral cannula connected to 2 pumps: one infusing vehicle and one infusing DHBE; multiple pumps per animal (2); neurodegenerative (Alzheimer's disease research); bilateral infusion.\par
P4853\tab Yang L, Long C, Faingold CL. Audiogenic seizure susceptibility is induced by termination of continuous infusion of gamma-aminobutyric acid or an N-methyl-D-aspartic acid antagonist into the inferior colliculus. Exp Neurol 2001; 171:147-152. >>> Aminobutyric acid, Y-; AP7; Saline; CSF/CNS (inferior collicus); rat;  1002; 7 days; controls received mp w/ vehicle; AP7 is an NMDA receptor antagonist; seizures; bilateral cannula used; 1 week recovery period from surgery; cannula placement verified at end of experiment by histology; bilateral infusion.\par
P4737\tab Ikegami S, Inokuchi K. Antisense DNA against calcineurin facilitates memory in contextual fear conditioning by lowering the threshold for hippocampal long-term potentiation induction. Neuroscience 2000; 98(4):637-646. >>> Oligonucleotide, antisense; Saline; CSF/CNS; rat;  2004; 28 days; Controls received mp w/ saline; ALZET brain infusion kit used; antisense; bilateral infusion via 2 cannulae and 2 pumps; oligonucleotides against the catalytic subunits of calcineurin were used; bilateral infusion; multiple pumps used (2).\par
P4709\tab Bancroft A, Levin ED. Ventral hippocampal \f3 a\f2 4\f3 b\f2 2 nicotinic receptors and chronic nicotine effects on memory. Neuropharmacology 2000; 39:2770-2778. >>> Nicotine ditartrate; Saline; CSF/CNS (hippocampus); rat;  2ML4; 4 weeks; Controls received mp w/ vehicle; bilateral cannulation; dummy cannula used to maintain patency; bilateral infusion.\par
P4363\tab Li A-J, Oomura Y, Sasaki K, Suzuki K, Hori T. Protective effect of acidic fibroblast growth factor against ischemia-induced learning and memory deficits in two tasks in gerbils. Physiol Behav 1999; 66(4):577-583. >>> Fibroblast growth factor, acidic; Saline; Heparin; BSA; CSF/CNS; gerbil;  1007D; 7 days; controls received mp with vehicle; peptides; bovine aFGF used; bilateral cannulae connected to 2 pumps; ischemia (cerebral); multiple pumps used (2); bilateral infusion.\par
P4314\tab Everts HGJ, Koolhass JM. Differential modulation of lateral septal vasopressin receptor blockade in spatial learning, social recognition, and anxiety-related behaviors in rats. Behav Brain Res 1999; 99:7-16. >>> VAVP, d(CH2)5-D-Tyr(Et)-; Saline; CSF/CNS (lateral septum); rat;  2002; 2 weeks; controls received mp with vehicle; peptides; each animal received agent via bilateral cannulae connected to two pumps; wires maintained cannulae patency during 6 day recovery period; agent is a V2/V1 receptor antagonist; bilateral infusion.\par
P4305\tab Riedel G, Micheau J, Lam AGM, Roloff EvL, Martin SJ, Bridge H et al. Reversible neural inactivation reveals hippocampal participation in several memory processes. Nature Neuroscience 1999; 2(10):898-905. >>> LY326325; CSF, artificial; CSF/CNS (dorsal hippocampus); CSF/CNS (caudate); rat;  2002; 1007D; controls received mp with vehicle; LY326325 is a water soluble salt of decahydroisoquinoline compound LY293558; it blocks glutamate receptor subunits GluR1-5; bilateral cannulae were attached to two pumps; bilateral infusion.\par
P4276\tab Horger BA, Iyasere CA, Berhow MT, Messer CJ, Nestler EJ, Taylor JR. Enhancement of locomotor activity and conditioned reward to cocaine by brain-derived neurotrophic factor. J Neurosci 1999; 19(10):4110-4122. >>> Brain-derived neurotrophic factor; Sodium phosphate; Saline; Albumin, bovine serum; CSF/CNS (nucleus accumbens); CSF/CNS (ventral tegmental area); Rat;  2002; 2 weeks; controls received mp w/ vehicle; peptides; human recomb. brain derived neurotrophic factor used; bilateral cannula placed in nucleus accumbens, and connected to pumps containing BDNF and vehicle; antibiotic ointment was applied to wound area in scalp; bilateral infusion.\par
P4216\tab Yang Z-J, Meguid MM, Chai J-K, Chen C, Oler A. Bilateral hypothalamic dopamine infusion in male Zucker rat suppresses feeding due to reduced meal size. Pharmacol Biochem Behav 1997; 58(3):631-635. >>> Dopamine HCl; Sodium metabisulfite; CSF/CNS (hypothalamus); rat;  2002; 13 days; controls received mp w/vehicle; stability verified by HPLC after 13 days; two pumps implanted per animal; bilateral cannula used; bilateral infusion.\par
P4104\tab Liu Y, Meiri KF, Cynader MS, Gu Q. Nerve growth factor induced modification of presynaptic elements in adult visual cortex in vivo. Brain Res 1996; 732:36-42. >>> Nerve growth factor; CSF, artificial; CSF/CNS (cerebral cortex); cat;  2002; 2 weeks; Brain tissue distribution; peptides; multiple pumps per animal (2); one pump contained NGF and the other aCSF as a control; recomb. human NGF used; pumps were connected to bilateral cannulae; bilateral infusion.\par
P3472\tab Liebsch G, Landgraf R, Gerstberger R, Probst JC, Wotjak CT, Engelmann M et al. Chronic infusion of a CRH(1) receptor antisense oligodeoxynucleotide into the central nucleus of the amygdala reduced anxiety-related behavior in socially defeated rats. Regul Pept 1995; 59:229-239. >>> Oligodeoxynucleotide, antisense; Ringer's solution, sterilized; CSF/CNS (central amygdaloid nucleus); rat;  1007D; no duration posted; controls received vehicle or scrambled sequence; antisense; pump filled w/ sterile saline, oligos were placed in PE tubing; Tardomycel given prophylactically; bilateral infusion.\par
P3439\tab Hawkins RL, Inoue M, Mori M, Torii K. Effect of inhibin, follistatin, or activin infusion into the lateral hypothalamus on operant behavior of rats fed lysine deficient diet. Brain Res 1995; 704:1-9. >>> Follistatin; lysine; activin A; inhibin; arginine; CSF, artificial; albumin, rat; CSF/CNS (lateral hypothalamic area); Rat;  2001; no duration posted; Controls received mp w/ vehicle; long-term study, pumps replaced after 1 week; peptides; animals served as their own controls; bilateral cannulae used in some experiments; animals allowed 1 week recovery after cannulae placement; bilateral infusion.\par
P2659\tab Clancy AN, Zumpe D, Michael RP. Intracerebral infusion of an aromatase inhibitor, sexual behavior and brain estrogen receptor-like immunoreactivity in intact male rats. Neuroendocrinology 1995; 61:98-111. >>> Fadrozole; Saline; SC; CSF/CNS (cerebral cortex); CSF/CNS (lateral preoptic area); CSF/CNS (medial preoptic area); rat;  2002; no duration posted; controls received mp w/ saline or no operation; functionality of mp verified by residual volume; long-term study, pumps replaced every 10-14 days; bilateral delivery via Y-connector; 2 pumps implanted concomitantly--1 for sc delivery, and one for delivery to the brain; bilateral infusion.\par
P2236\tab Cridland RA, Kasting NW. A simple cannula assembly for chronic bilateral brain infusion in freely moving rats. Brain Res Bull 1993; 32(2):201-204. >>> Saline; CSF/CNS (ventral septal area); rat;  2001; 6 days; functionality of mp verified by measuring residual volume; no stress (see pg. 203); bilateral infusion to brain using 2 cannulae; body temperature measured with telemetry.\par
P2235\tab Cridland RA, Kasting NW. A critical role for central vasopressin in regulation of fever during bacterial infection. Am J Physiol (Regulatory Integrative Comp Physiol 32) 1992; 263(32):R1235-R1240. >>> [d(CH2)5Tyr(Me)] arginine vasopressin; Saline; CSF/CNS (ventral septal area); rat;  2001; no duration posted; functionality of mp verified by measuring residual volume; bilateral brain cannulae used; [d(CH2)5Tyr(Me)]AVP is a V1 antagonist; telemetry used to monitor body temperature; bilateral infusion.\par
P2170\tab Andrews KM, McGowan MK, Gallitano A, Grossman SP. Water intake during chronic preoptic infusions of osmotically active or inert solutions. Physiol Behav 1992; 52(2):241-245. >>> Potassium Chloride, hypertonic; Sodium chloride, hypertonic; Mannitol, hypertonic; Saline, isotonic; Water; CSF/CNS (preoptic area); rat;  2002; 2 weeks; bilateral infusion to brain.\par
P1642\tab Gu Q, Bear MF, Singer W. Blockade of NMDA-receptors prevents ocularity changes in kitten visual cortex after reversed monocular deprivation. Dev Brain Research 1989; 47:281-288. >>> Phosphonovaleric acid, 2-amino-5-; Saline; CSF/CNS (visual cortex); cat;  2001; no duration posted; stress/adverse reaction: necrosis around cannula (see pg. 283-284); 2 pumps implanted per animal for bilateral infusion.\par
P1367\tab Janiak P, Brody MJ. Central interactions between aldosterone and vasopressin on cardiovascular system. Am J Physiol 1988; 255:R166-R173. >>> Aldosterone; RU-28318; Ethanol; Saline; CSF/CNS; rat;  2001; 2, 4 days; bilateral cannulas for concomitant drug infusion; bilateral infusion.\par
P0630\tab Costall B, Domeney AM, Naylor RJ. The continuity of dopamine receptor antagonism can dictate the long-term behavioural consequences of a mesolimibic infusion of dopamine. Neuropharmacology 1985; 2(3):193-197. >>> Dopamine HCl; Sulpiride; Nitrogen; Sodium metabisulfite; CSF/CNS (nucleus accumbens); IP; rat; 13 days; mp model not stated; comparison of SULP ip injec vs. mp infusion; 2 mp/rat - bilateral infusion; mp primed overnight; vehicles listed used w/DOP; concomitant SULP admin. ip.\par
P0518\tab White JD, Krause JE, McKelvy JF. In vivo biosynthesis and transport of oxytocin, vasopressin, and neurophysins to posterior pituitary and nucleus of the solitary tract. J Neurosci 1984; 4(5):1262-1270. >>> Cysteine; Radio-isotopes; 35S tracer; CSF, artificial; CSF/CNS (hypothalamus); rat;  2001; 2 hours; bilateral infusion; in vivo biosynthesis.\par
P0490\tab Lum JT, Nguyen T, Felpel LP. Drug distribution in solid tissue of the brain following chronic local perfusion utilizing implanted osmotic minipumps. J Pharmacol Methods 1984; 12:141-147. >>> Dye, Fast Green FCF; Muscimol; Radio-isotopes; 3H tracer; Saline; CSF/CNS (globus pallidus); CSF/CNS (nucleus ventralis); cat;  2001; 1 week; 2 mp/animal, bilateral infusion; 3H tracer used w/ muscimol; no stress p. 147.\par
P0476\tab Gmerek DE, Cowan A. Studies on bombesin-induced grooming in rats. Peptides 1983; 4:907-913. >>> ODT8-ss; Bombesin; CSF/CNS; rat;  2001; 3, 7, or 12 days; comparison of icv and iv injection vs. mp infusion; comparison of agents effects; bilateral infusion; peptides; ODT-8ss is a somatostatin analog.\par
P0444\tab Costall B, Domeney AM, Naylor RJ. Long-term consequences of antagonism by neuroleptics of behavioural events occurring during mesolimbic dopamine infusion. Neuropharmacology 1984; 23(3):287-293. >>> Dopamine HCl; Nitrogen; Sodium metabisulfite; CSF/CNS (nucleus accumbens); rat;  2002; 13 days; no stress p. 288; pumps primed overnight, bilateral pump implantation; bilateral infusion.\par
P0441\tab Liotta AS, Advis JP, Krause JE, McKelvy JF, Krieger DT. Demonstration of in vivo synthesis of pro-opiomelanocortin-, B-endorphin-, and a-melanotropin-like species in the adult rat brain. J Neurosci 1984; 4(4):956-965. >>> Methionine; Radio-isotopes; 35S tracer; CSF/CNS (arcuate nucleus); rat;  2001; .25 and 6 hours; in vivo biosynthesis; pumps pre-incubated 12 hr. at 37C prior to implant; bilateral infusion.\par
P0440\tab Costall B, Domeney AM, Naylor RJ. Behavioral and biochemical consequences of persistent overstimulation of mesolimbic dopamine systems in the rat. Neuropharmacology 1982; 21:327-335. >>> Dopamine HCl; Nitrogen; Sodium metabisulfite; CSF/CNS (nucleus accumbens); rat;  2002; 13 days; no stress p. 328, 333; 2 pumps implanted simultaneously, bilaterally; pumps primed overnight; post-infusion N-propylnorapomorphine challenge; bilateral infusion.\par
\pard\qc\f0\fs18\par
}
 